you may remember back in 1985 on their
way to the Superbowl the Chicago Bears
recorded a rap called the Super Bowl
shuffle instant hit sold more than a
half million copies even reached number
41 on the music chart it did it before
they won the Super Bowl they're the
mid-season right I mean they lost the
game as a matter of fact Ditka will tell
you this that you're about to see might
not reach those Heights but it is
Christmas week and it's actually clever
done with good spirit the Chicago Bulls
here now with their version of a holiday
classic birthday of Christmas Chicago
gave to me a basketball in a pear tree
on the second day of Christmas a cargo
gave to me to Aleuts a basketball in a
pear tree on a third their Christmas
Chicago gave to me three block shots to
alley-oops a basketball in a pear tree
on the for failure Chris mr. Cockell
gave to me for picking Rose three block
shots to alley-oops a basketball in a
pear tree on the fifth day of Christmas
Ricardo gave to me five golden rings for
picking rolls three block shots to
alley-oops a basketball in a pear tree
on the twelfth day of Christmas Chicago
gave to me 12 all boys sleeping 11
dancers dancing 10 buzzer-beaters 9
no-look passes 8 taking charges 7 back
massager six tiny trophies
fine though their rings four rows three
blocked shots to alley-oops the greatest
fans in the country Olive Oyl
happy Halloween friends
Carlos Boozer yes
in this day and age to have the guts to
do that where people are gonna see it
Alou can call up at any point Scottie
Pippen's drop in that was that was
dynamite drop it all right back to
whatever it is we're doing here maybe
the play of the year in the NFL
it was DeSean Jackson's game I think I'm
just kind of stunned the game ending
punt return for a touchdown that
finished off that tremendous Eagles
comeback let's break it down
scientifically
shall we there's more to it than you
even thought John Brenkus on sports
science